docs(v26.2): update FIPS page callouts to reflect GA status (#23372)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v26.2/fips.md

docs_area: deploy
---

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
**FIPS support returns to GA in v26.2**

CockroachDB v26.2 completes the transition to [Go's native FIPS 140-3 support](https://go.dev/doc/security/fips140), built with `GOFIPS140=v1.0.0`. This locks to the frozen Go Cryptographic Module v1.0.0 from early 2025, which is on the [CMVP Modules In Process List](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/modules-in-process/modules-in-process-list) and can be deployed in certain regulated environments.

FIPS support was marked as **Preview** in CockroachDB v26.1, which used `GOFIPS140=latest` — a non-frozen implementation not under NIST review. It returns to **General Availability** (GA) status in v26.2.

> Production clusters running a v25.4 or v26.1 FIPS binary can upgrade directly to v26.2.

Reviewer: IMO all of this should be removed. On a feature page this will quickly go stale and ignored until it's painfully out of date, and should instead just validate that the v26.2 release notes/highlights call out the move to GA.

After you [download](#downloads) a FIPS-ready CockroachDB binary, install it in the same way as the standard binary. Refer to [Install CockroachDB on Linux]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/install-cockroachdb-linux.md %}).

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> **Upgrading from v25.4 or v26.1 FIPS to v26.2 FIPS**
> 
> CockroachDB v26.1 and v26.2 use Go's native FIPS cryptographic module, a significant architectural change from the OpenSSL-based approach used in v25.4 and earlier. FIPS support was Preview in v26.1 and returns to GA in v26.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Upgrading from v25.4 or v26.1 FIPS to v26.2+ FIPS**

CockroachDB v26.1+ uses Go's native FIPS cryptographic module, a significant architectural change from the OpenSSL-based approach used in v25.4 and earlier. Native FIPS was a Preview in v26.1, so older deployments using FIPS are strongly recommended to upgrade to v26.2 or later.
```

Reviewer: Suggest rewording to be more future-proof
